Study Commissioned by: Greenpeace Malaysia
Data Scraping: Kuek Ser Kuang Keng
Additional Data Cleaning: Margo Prebenda
Period Analyzed: 2018-Oct 2022
Primary Source: Malaysia Parliamentary Hansard Documents

How to read the data: This study examined 91 distinct keywords in Malay (80 corresponding keywords in English) related to environmental topics between 2018 - 2022. Columns B - F indicate the MP who raised the question, as well their current political party affiliation, constituency, and state. The full question text is shown in Column G. Where an environmental keyword was identified, Columns O - GC indicate “TRUE” for that keyword. Column GE indicates the total number of distinct keywords identified in each question. Note that mentioning environmental keywords does not necessarily indicate a pro-environmental stance. 
Data Cleaning: 934 out of 2012 pre-filtered questions were manually scanned to confirm if the context was environmentally-related. The following keywords were manually checked for potentially non-environmental context: alam sekitar, iklim, bencana, banjir, sisa, tenaga, mampan, lestari, gambut, harimau, and the English translations: environment, climate, disaster, flood, waste, energy, sustainability, peat, tiger. Keyword hits were removed for 326 questions with a non-environmentally related context, and these questions were removed from the database. Questions containing more than 2 environmental keywords were not manually checked because they are presumed highly likely to be environmentally-related. 
Ongoing Analysis: Our deeper analysis is a work in progress, focused on examining specifically why and how MPs are talking about the environment. We may update with new data findings and ways of filtering and sharing the data. Find out more here:  www.greenpeace.org/malaysia/act/undi-iklim-vote4climate/
